[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alert today we're talking
about the 2017 coming-of-age comedy
drama film Lady Bird so let's get
started the film follows Christine
McPherson a high school senior in
Sacramento who prefers to go by the name
Lady Bird she lives in a rather poor
home with her parents her adopted older
brother and his girlfriend Lady Bird and
her best friend Julie joined the
school's theater group and she meets
Danny a romantic relationship develops
but it is broken off after Lady Bird
discovers that Danny is gay she is at
first upset but later on encourages him
to come out Lady Bird takes a job at a
coffee shop and meets Kyle a romantic
relationship develops and eventually
Lady Bird loses her virginity to Kyle
after Kyle implies that he is a virgin
too Lady Bird is upset and is consoled
by her mother she later on becomes
friends with a popular girl named Jenna
Lady Bird wanting to impress Jenna tells
her that her address is actually the
house that belongs to dannis grandmother
Jenna later discovers that Lady Bird
lied and this starts the end of their
friendship
Lady Bird finds out that her father had
recently lost his job and discovers that
he is battling depression she applies to
various colleges dreaming of going to
the East Coast
despite her mother saying they can't
afford it she receives many rejection
letters but discovers that she is on the
waiting list for a New York University
even though their friendship isn't very
good she goes to prom with Kyle Jenna
and Jenna's boyfriend but the three
decided to go to a party instead
ladybird is dropped off at her old
friend Julie's apartment and they
rekindle their relationship and go to
prom together
her mother discovers that she applied to
school's out of state and gives her the
silent treatment however she is accepted
into the New York University and her
father is determined to help her afford
it Lady Bird celebrates her 18th
birthday as her father jokes that he and
her mother can't get a divorce because
they can't afford it she buys a few
celebratory items to celebrate turning
18 she leaves for New York with her
mother
still not talking to her ladybirds upset
and her mother has a change of heart and
tries to see her but she is already gone
once in New York she finds letters wrote
from her mom and decides to go by the
name Christine again she is briefly
hospitalized after drinking too much at
a party and stops outside of a church on
the way home she calls her mom and
leaves an apologetic message as the film
concludes film is more series of events
to tell the tale of a mother and a
daughter's relationship during her last
year's school with no events being
particularly important to the plot so
that was the spoilers for Lady Bird if
you have another film you'd like to see
me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie spoiler
alerts on our various forms of social
media and remember to Like and subscribe
thanks for watching
[Music]